g-research
founded:	2001
employees:	201 - 500


Q1:
Is the network managed in any form or wholly in house managed

Q2:
What type of network do you have?

Q3:
What is the size of the network?

Q4:
I heard that you are building out a new lab on another floor - can you tell me about that?

Q5:
What projects/initiatives do you have for the coming 18 months and what requirements are they based on?

Q6:
How do you handle changes and on call if no remote working is permitted?

Q7:
Is G-Research planning on opening any other locations?

Q8:
At G-Research what is the business split between low latency and non low latency requirements?
Do you generally have more low latency requirements or less

the traditional asset classes generally come out like this:
cash (lowest risk)
fixed-interest (bonds)
property
shares (highest risk)


!---------------------------------------------!
Interesting points.

Defining new solutions in code to facilitate automated deployment and continuous enforcement of policy and design principals.

Ansible/Python - how do GR do this presently?

!---------------------------------------------!
5YT - Q
G Research is the type of environment where I can leverage my strengths and that provides me opporuntities.

Firstly - my Goal is to build my career at G-Research and to have opportunities to get closer to the business and the departments as an engineer and hence provide real tangible value and returns to the business from a network services standpoint

I would want this to naturally progess and provide value to the business on the next 5 years based on requirements and the roadmaps.

During that 5 year time period i would be looking to keep the technology in concert with the business needs to provide the appropriate services and expansion to the business to grow and function correctly.

Additionally automation and standardisation would also form a part of the work over that time period.

I've invested the last 4 - 5 months of my personal time in Python and Ansible and have alreay provide real tangible benefits to the company - this has been hugely enjoyable and rewarding.

I envisage that at the 5 year period that cycle would repeat to a larger degree in terms of technological advancements in general and commercial growth.

From a personal standpoint I would be expecting to have some form of small team due to natural commercial growth. 

!------------------------------------------!
WWH

As you say - "the position offers a fantastic opportunity to work for a vibrant, growing and ambitious company in our Network Engineering team."

1 - To develop my skills, take on interesting projects, and work with people I can really learn from. 
2 - To have the opportunity to provide automation and standardisation



!------------------------------------------!
!General Questions.
Our investment strategies, software and IT Systems are used to:

Evaluate, forecast and simulate investment ideas
Test for and control risk in investment portfolios
Maximise investment returns across a range of markets and products
!
Could you elaborate on this a little and has there ever been anything that really suprised by the reuslts of the testing
